Miss, you almost hit me
You have to apologize to me.
Why isn't this car moving?
Dad?
Don't scare me
What's wrong with you?
Why are you still standing?
Come and help
My car has broken down!
Can you help me get my dad to the hospital?
Too late to go to the hospital
The hospital is just ahead.
Just help me get my dad to the hospital
Ah!
Here's 10,000 dollars
I'll give you 100,000 at the hospital
Ah, not enough, right?
I have 1 million
I'll transfer it to you.
Hurry up, what are you doing?
What did you do?
Dad, stop crying
He was poisoned
I got his heart
He can still slow down for half an hour
You are not allowed to go
If something happened to my dad
I want you to pay
He'll wake up in three minutes
Then you take him to the hospital
I'll go first
If something goes wrong
You can find me at No. 30 Liuxia
Hello
Dad, wait for me